All right so in this video we're going to work on the content pages both the regular post content and
also the gallery.
So let's start with content ph p.
All right.
So we're going to do is we're going to create an article tag and we're going to give it a class of post
.
And a lot of this stuff will actually be the same between the two files.
All right.
And then we need the title.
So we're going to put that inside of an age.
So we can get that with PH P echo the title.
And just to show you if we go and reload now you can see with the regular content posts we're actually
getting the title.
Next thing we're going to want is the the meta data.
So let's put that in a class called meta paragraph or the class called matter.
And in here we're going to say posted at.
And then when you get the date and time so to do that we can say ph P the time
all right and then we're going to say on and then we want the date.
So we're going to see ph P the date and then by and then we wanted the user's name and we're going to
put that in a link.
So let's say a graph.
And what we're going to want to do here is put in php tagging and we want to go out and get
get author posts.
You are all
right.
And then we need to put the ID the ID in here for the author which we can do with get the author meta
and we want to pass into it ID that will get to get us the authors ID and then for the actual text that's
just going to be ph P the author.
OK.
Let's check it out.
OK so posted at 2 0 1 p.m. on March by admen.
And if we click admin it's not going to do anything yet.
We'll get to that after.
All right.
So what we're going to do now is we're going to check to see if there's a thumbnail or featured image
.
So say ph P If you want.
Yeah I like that.
So in here we're going to say has post Thum now
.
So if there's a thumbnail.
And let's end that
.
OK if there's a thumbnail then we'll create a div.
I will give it a class of post from now
and here all we have to do is say ph P The Post thumbnail.
OK.
And under that will do a b r tag and then we need the main content which is really easy.
You can just say the content just like that.
All right so let's save it and go and reload.
And there we go we have the title the meta data and the content of that post.
Now for the photo post that's all the gallery post that's going to be a little different.
All right so let's just take a look at our index each team that we created earlier.
OK so what we're going to want is one of these for column divs.
OK so what we'll do is just grab that copy it and go and paste it in here.
OK so we're going to want to loop through and then split for each post.
We're going to be spitting this out OK but we want to change this stuff up so we can actually actually
the only thing we want to keep is the div.
All right.
Because what we want to do here is check for the thumbnail.
So we want to use this same thing right here so let's grab that.
We'll put that right here.
OK.
This is going to be a little different.
We're going to get rid of this
case or checking for a thumbnail if there is one and when I say thumbnail or featured image I mean the
same thing.
All right.
So we'll have the div that's fine.
And let's see we're going to want to do a little extra here because we want the image to actually have
a class so that we can do the the animation and stuff like that.
So we need to create an array of attributes.
So save THP and say 80 t our equals array.
All right.
And then here let's see we're going to put
class and we want that to be W3 animate opacity and then we also want a hover effect which we can use
.
W3 CSSA 4.
So we need to just say W3 hover
opacity is like that.
All right so then we can end the PH P in each image is going to have a link around it.
So we're going to say hey Tref and that's going to go to PH P Atco
the permalink k that will take it to the single post.
And then we just want the thumbnails so we're going to say p p echo this time we want to say get the
post thumbs down
.
Right.
And then we get a pass in a couple of things we want to pass in ID and the size which will be large
and then the attributes age just like that.
And then underneath the div
or underneath the end if we want to put the contents
they'll save that right now if we relo we don't see anything because we didn't actually add any content
to that photo post so I'm actually going to delete that.
So in our posts when I'm going to do is delete both of these.
So let's move those to trash.
OK.
And then let's create a new post.
So this will be let's say photo one.
All right.
And just kind of paste in just a small paragraph or just some content which will be the description
.
And we want to make sure you choose gallery here.
OK.
All categories we need to create those too.
So for now it's just a category and will call it nature.
Actually while we're at it let's just create them all say objects.
Let's do what else people
can say places.
Abstract.
OK and let's I only want to choose nature.
OK.
And then down here and in featured image we're going to say set featured image and then we want to upload
a file.
And what I'll do is go to our HVM owl template here and go into images and I'm going to grab this first
image OK.
Over here you can give it a title a photo one you can put a caption description and then we'll say set
featured image.
OK.
So things you should have as the title description gallery you want to check that category.
And then a featured image.
OK and we'll go ahead and say publish and let's take a look at the front end.
OK.
So there's our image it fades in.
Obviously the proportion is incorrect.
So what we need to do is go to our CSSA which is let's see styled Dotsie SS and we're want to go down
to pick OK but this time we want the actual image so we're going to say pick image and we're going to
set the width to 100 percent and then get to make that important.
And then we're also going to set the height to 100 percent.
All right so let's save that and reload and there we go.
So that looks good.
If we click it it's going to take us to the single page which we haven't created yet so don't worry
about that.
Let's go ahead and just upload the rest of these.
OK so google the posts and I'll say add new to the photo to me and let's see I'm just going to grab
some text gallery and let's see you picked the image here.
We'll get this one in.
Let's see.
I'm going to add a category of animals.
GROSS That looks good.
It's published that and go back and reload.
And now we have our Dolphins picture.
All right so I'm going to go ahead and just add the rest and I'll be back.
All right so I have uploaded six posts or six images and you can see it's all show incorrectly.
If you look in the back end in the post area we have our six photos.
All right.
So we now have that functionality down in the next video.
I want to work on the categories.
We want this to start working.
We want it to be in and out how WordPress widget.
OK so we'll do that next